Once upon a time, there was a golden retriever named Max. Max was just a young
pup, barely a year old. He loved his life with his wonderful family, the 
Johnsons. They gave him a wonderful home to stay in, with plenty of treats and 
belly rubs. He even had a large back yard that bordered a forest, in which he 
could run free. One day he was running around in the yard when he spotted an 
orange cat. He chased the cat through the woods for what seems like minutes. 
But when he lost sight of the cat he realized he was lost. He tried to find his way back when he stumbled upon a carnival in the middle of the forest. 

Curious, Max ran over to the carnival. As he ambled in, he was almost trampled by a clown on stilts. Max yelped out of fear, and startled the clown, causing him to fall over. The clown knocked his head hard on the ground, and was blacked out. Max ran away as quickly as he could, hoping to avoid being held responsible for the accident. Eventually, he found a good hiding spot in a corner between two tents. His heart pounding, he waited there for what felt like hours, but was in reality only a few minutes. Loud noises and sounds of laughter started to come from the tent on his left, and Max's curiosity was piqued again. He snuck under the tent, and found himself watching a lion tamer stick his head in the lion's mouth. Excited, Max found himself running into the ring for a closer look. The lion tamer had removed his head from the lion's mouth. Then, the lion spotted Max,froze, and stared, and started to salivate and growl.

The lion tamer was a person he recalled to be from one of the PETA agencies. Maybe he was undercover for an animal saving mission who knows? The nest destination for our sweet litlle max was the mirror labrynth.As Max entered the hall he could see so many reflections of himself. He was excited and terrified at the same time. Then he saw a beautiful pomeranean appear. Allured by her beauty Max ran towards her, only to be knocked down. He tried escaping the labrynth to gomeet her but failed. Somehow finally he came out of the hall only to realize that the worls around him was differrent. He saw dogs living humanisitc lives and petting humans instead.

Max was deeply confused and terrified on what he was currently seeing. After looking at the banner on the big ferris wheel in the center of the carnival, he realized that the year was 4020. Suddenly, that pomeranean he met in the labrynth appeared behind him. The pomeranean introduced herself to Max that she is Max's descendant. She said that, in the next 20 years, Max will accidently eat a strawberry flavored dog food, initiate a mutate gene, and finally join Professor X's X-team. Two years after that, he will turn into a villian dog and create a giant tools that capable of transmitting that strawberry flavored dog food to every organisms in this planet. Doing so, the role of dogs and humans are switching. Max couldn't believe in any bit of what he heard. "What are you doing here?," he further asked the pomeranien.

"I'm here to show you how wonderful your life will be," she said. Max followed
her through the streets to look at everything he had apparently caused. 
The entire thing was so strange, yet it oddly felt right to Max. However, he 
couldn't stop thinking about what happened to the Johnson's. He loved them so
much and he couldn't imagine ever hurting them. He asked the pomeranian what had
happened to them. She told him all about how they were his first subject in his
experiments. Max felt awful, and began to sprial with regret and anxiety. As he
was panicking the pomeranian started to shake him, and tell him he needed to 
"wake up." But he was up, he was wide awake. Suddenly he was back home, in
his bed. Callie, the youngest Johnson girl, was standing over him telling him 
to wake up. She wanted to play. He really loved that little girl and he was 
thankful she was okay. He realized it had all just been a dream, a really bad
dream.
